IELT201 2023-07-17

### Title: The natural resources, such as oil, forests, and water, are being consumed at an alarming rate, what problems does it cause? How can we solve these problems?

---

<br/>

Due to the increasing demand for industrialization and explosive population growth, humanity is consuming natural resources such as water, forests, and oil on Earth at a worrying rate. After a through examination of this topic, This may undoubtedly exert multiple effects on both the society and people's life, and There are different practical and efficient solutions available to properly alleviate the problem.

<br/>

When it comes to the consequences associated to the trend, environment and ecology, without a doubt, are highly likely to be affected to a large extent. To illustrate, Overexploitation and consumption of fossil fuels such as oil have caused air and water pollution, exacerbated climate warming and weather instability, deforestation has led to the loss of biological habitats. This poses great risks to both the ecosystem and human survival. Not only that, the instability of the human economy and the competition for resources are also of high probability to be influenced due to the fact that excessive consumption of natural resources may lead to resource scarcity and supply-demand imbalance, which can lead to economic instability and resource competition for a single resource exporting country. This may lead to geopolitical tensions, social inequality, and conflicts.
<br/>

Aiming to appropriately tackle the problems, we shouldn't exclude thinking fundamentally from the root causes and taking corresponding measures based on these causes. The most direct way to do this is to promote the development of clean and renewable energy. Humans should use clean energy sources such as nuclear energy, hydropower, and wind power to meet industrial needs, while increasing the use of electricity in transportation to reduce dependence on fossil fuels, thereby reducing greenhouse gas emissions and achieving the goal of protecting the environment. Meanwhile, strengthening international cooperation and policy formulation is another ideal way to achieve the goal. Countries can sign policies to jointly protect the environment, such as the Paris Climate Agreement, to constrain resource consumption and pollution emissions among member countries. At the same time, resource exporting countries can establish cooperative organizations to jointly constrain human consumption of natural resources and solve global natural resource and environmental problems.

<br/>

Indeed, this phenomenon has brought us to a position where we can no longer overlook or ignore it. However, as long as we could meticulously analyze the reason and apply solutions accordingly, there is still room and possibility for this issue to be improved.