IELT201 2023-07-23

### Title: People in many countries spend more and more time far away from their families. Why does this happen and what effects will it have on them and their families?

---

<br/>

  Nowadays, people often work and live in places far from their hometown and relatives. After a through examination of this topic, the factors contributing to this issue lie in a wide variety of aspects, and this may undoubtedly exert multiple effects on both the society and people's life.
  
<br/>

In terms of the reasons behind the phenomenon, I believe job opportunities and education and learning needs provided from other places are the two main directions we should be looking at so as to better probe into it. Speaking of the former, Some big cities can provide more job opportunities and job opportunities, and some people may choose to seek better employment opportunities and career development in other places because they cannot find suitable job opportunities in their hometown. In addition to that, as mentioned before, some people may also choose to attend schools or universities far from their hometown in order to receive higher quality education and learning opportunities.
> 大城市的生活配套，基础设施更好

<br/>

When it comes to the consequences associated to the trend, personal growth and development, without a doubt, is highly likely to be affected to a large extent. To illustrate, working and living far from home can allow people to experience new cultures, environments, and lifestyles, promoting personal growth and development. Not only that, improvements of quality of life is also of high probability to be influenced due to the fact that Working in other places may provide more career opportunities and higher income levels, which can help improve the quality of life.
>没有写家庭方面的影响
>延伸到家庭生活上

<br/>

Indeed, this phenomenon has brought us to a position where we can no longer overlook or ignore it. However, as long as we could meticulously analyze the reason and apply solutions accordingly, there is still room and possibility for this issue to be improved.