IELT201 2023-06-28

### Title: In today's society, more and more work is done by machines. Do you think the positive effects of the development outweigh the negative effects on individuals and society?

---

<br/>

people nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether it is advantageous or disadvantageous that more and more work is being completed by machines. While in some ways it may seem reasonable that the existence of numerous corrupt practice of this trend overweigh the advantages, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies , and I tend to believe that the many advantages of machines replacing work outweigh its drawbacks.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that replacing human work with machines can have many negative impacts. For example, some jobs that originally required manual labor were replaced by machines, which led to some people being forced out of work. Ironically, the manufacturers and their customers who produce these machines also require a large number of personnel to debug and maintain these machines. The occupational crisis caused by this is almost non-existent. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed. 

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that replacing manual production with machines can greatly reduce the price of industrial products. To illustrate, what will result in reduction of production costs for industrial products is that replacing manpower with machines saves high labor costs, thereby greatly increasing the production capacity of manufacturers ,which further reduces costs and leads to a significant decrease in product prices.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that replacing manual production with machines can unify product standards and reduce errors caused by manual labor is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of Ford, the well-known automobile manufacturer who Introduced assembly lines and automated production into the automotive industry for the first time, Used machines to produce and assemble standard components, thus avoided manual errors and achieving high product quality.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the advantages of machines replacing manual production outweigh the disadvantages as the low price of industrial products it may bring and high quality of products it can achieve regardless the opposing voice stated before.