IELT201 2023-06-28

### Title: When new town is planned, it is more important to develop public parks and sports facilities than shopping centers for people to spend their free time in. Do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether to build public facilities such as parks and sports centers or shopping malls when a new town is planned, while in some ways it may seem reasonable that building parks or sports facilities can bring multiple benefits, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that building a shopping center is a more reasonable approach.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, ==claiming that parks and sports facilities are capable to act as places for leisure and relaxation. ==Ironically, due to work fatigue, a growing number of people nowadays tend to spend their free time at home or in their garden with their family instead of parks. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

 Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that building a shopping center during town planning can drive the town's economy. To illustrate, what will result in the Increase of people's consumption opportunities is that people tend to go shopping in their free time, thus Increasing the financial revenue of the town, which promotes economy.

<br/>

==What' s more, the truth that shopping centers in a small town can have the convenience to provide most residents with daily necessities is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of the towns in the US, where some small towns lack shopping centers to provide residents with daily necessities, which makes it very inconvenient for residents to drive to other towns to purchase goods. Had it not been for the lack of shopping facilities, such inconvenience would not come to existence.==

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that building shopping centers in a newly-planned town is more advantageous as the financial benefits it can bring and the convenience of providing daily essentials regardless the opposing voice stated before.