IELT201 2023-07-17

### Title: Houses are essential for people. Some people think that the government should offer free houses for people who cannot afford to pay for it. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether government should provide free residence for those people who doesn't have the ability to purchase such a property, while in some ways it may seem reasonable that the government has many inconveniences and hidden dangers in providing housing for this group of people, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that there are many benefits to providing free housing for those who cannot afford it.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that providing free housing requires a large amount of funds and financial resources, and the government needs to bear the corresponding financial burden, which may cause pressure on the national finances. Ironically, By providing free housing, the government can increase the disposable income of low-income families, promote consumption and economic activities, thereby increasing government income and reducing financial pressure. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed. 

>反驳应该说的更明显，表明不会增加政府的财政负担

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that free housing can promote social equality. To illustrate, what will result in providing a safe and stable living environment for all residents is that through free housing, the government can help solve the housing problems of low-income groups, thus meeting the basic living needs of residents, which promoting social equality and reducing descrimination issues.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that providing free housing can increase social stability and reduce crime issues is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of the Soviet Union, who provided free apartments for citizens in the 1960s to 1970s, has effectively reduced the poverty and homelessness caused by purchasing houses, thereby reducing the potential criminal problems caused by these unstable populations. Had it not been for the policy of providing free housing, the social sustainability would not have been improved. 

>递进关系应该更加彻底

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the policy of providing free housing can bring many benefits to the society as ==the promotion of social equity== and the ==improvement of social stability== regardless the opposing voice stated before.
>as后面应该跟完整的句子