IELT201 2023-06-22

### Title：The environmental problem in the world cannot be solved by ordinary people because what they can do is too little. And it is also the responsibility of politicians. To what extent do you agree or disagree? 

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether ordinary people lack the ability to solve environmental problems and whether it is the responsibility of politicians. While in some ways it may seem reasonable that the efforts of ordinary people can provide solutions to current environmental problems, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that the efforts of ordinary people are difficult to solve existing environmental problems, which is also the responsibility of the government.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that environmental issues are difficult to solve due to the low operational efficiency of government organizations, which caused a large number of environmental protection plans to be shelved. Ironically, It is the laws and regulations formulated by government departments in relevant fields that prevent further damage to our environment, And these rules and regulations usually take a long time to review and implement. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the great difficulty in reaching consensus among ordinary people on environmental protection. To illustrate, what will result in some people‘s unwillingness or inability to protect the environment is that there are differences in values, beliefs, or professional issues among ordinary people. Thus these people offset the efforts of those willing to contribute to environmental protection, which makes it difficult for ordinary people to work together to solve environmental problems.

<br/>

What's more, the truth that ordinary people lack the necessary knowledge to protect the environment is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of animal release, which some people are not clear about the distribution of the species to be released, which has led to the release of some Invasive species, damaged the local balance of nature, and caused environmental damage. Had it not been for the lack of environmental knowledge, these incident would not occur.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that ordinary people find it difficult to improve environmental issues through their own efforts, and this is also the responsibility of politicians as the difficulty for public to walk in the same pace to protect the environment and the lack of necessary natural knowledge to solve environment problems regardless of the opposing voice before.
