IELT201 2023-07-06

### Title: New technologies have changed the way children spend their free time. Do you think the advantages overweigh the disadvantages?

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether it's beneficial or disadvantageous that emerging technologies is changing the way kids spend their leisure time, while in some ways it may seem reasonable that spending free time with such technologies can lead to a series of advantages for children, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that the drawbacks of such phenomenon outweigh the benefits.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that New technology can help children interact and connect socially with others, whether through online games, social media, or video calls, which can expand their social circle and communication skills. Ironically, Excessive immersion in these technical medias may reduce face-to-face social interaction and communication skills, leading to social isolation and communication disorder, which is actually not conducive to promoting the development of children's social and communication abilities. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed. 

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that spending free time with such technologies would result in addiction of electronic products.  To illustrate, what will result in the huge attraction to children's groups is that modern forms of entertainment, such as social media and electronic games, have great appeal to children's groups, thus causing children to excessively rely on such technologies for entertainment, which lead to addiction and overuse of electronic products.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that entertaining with such technical product may cause a series of health problems is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of China, where a large population of children is exposed to various electronic products for a long period of time, suffered from eye fatigue, lack of exercise, and insufficient sleep. This have led to health issues such as shortsightedness and insomnia. had it not been for the obsession and overuse of these technical entertainment methods, such health issues would not occur.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the disadvantages for children to use these technical methods to spend their free time goes far beyond the advantages regardless the opposing voice stated before.

