IELT201 2023-06-20

### Title：Some people suggest that people at old age should continue to work. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether the elderly should maintain their position in workforce. While in some ways it may seem reasonable to have the elderly continue to participate in work, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that senior citizens should no longer enter the employment.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that the elderly's participation in workforce is beneficial since their long-term work in society has brought valuable experience. This is undoubtedly advantageous for the company. Ironically, this phenomenon can actually crowd out young people's job opportunities, leading to a large number of capable young people being unable to find jobs and becoming unemployed. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would stick to my point made earlier this article due to the fact that hiring a large number of elderly personnel may lead to low profitability for companies. To illustrate, what will result in Insufficient 
vitality and energy of elderly employees is that the thinking of elderly people is relatively rigid and conservative, thus will lead to insufficient innovation capability and market perception of the enterprise, thereby reducing the efficiency and profitability of enterprise operations.

<br/>

==What's more, the truth that the inability of elderly people to enjoy welfare and rest in their later years can lead to many social problems is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of Japan, whose majority of workforce is consist of the elderly, suffer from the high crime and suicide rates among elderly people, since elderly people in the country find it difficult to find new jobs to support themselves after unemployment, and are unable to enjoy benefits such as pensions and social benefits. Had it not been for having the elderly under employment, such social issues would not occur.==


<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the old people should not maintain working as the social problems it may lead to and the various drawbacks to company's business level regardless the opposing voice stated before.