IELT201 2023-07-26

### Title: Some people believe that spending money on developing technology for space exploration is unjustifiable, there are more beneficial ways to spend money. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

It is hard to deny that humans have invested a lot of money in Space exploration, and only received a small return, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that it is unreasonable to spend money on developing Space exploration technology. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that investing money in space exploration is justifiable.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that space exploration requires a large amount of capital and resource investment, resulting in unmet needs in other areas of society, such as education, medical care, etc. Ironically, space exploration accounts for only a small part of the total government expenditure. And through reasonable budget allocation and planning, the impact that people receive in other social fields does not exist. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that space exploration can promote human cognition of oneself and the natural world. To illustrate, what will result in discoveries of science and knowledge expansion is that space exploration involves a lot of basic science research, thus helping humanity gain a deeper understanding of the universe and Earth, which promote human understanding of the natural world.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that space exploration can promote technological innovation and industrial development is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of disposable diaper, which was originally used as a solution for early spacecraft without toilets. This invention was later applied in the civilian field and greatly improved the lives of ordinary people. Had it not been for the plans of space exploration, such an invention will not become a reality.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that there are many benefits to investing in Space exploration as It can bring a large number of practical new technologies and inventions while promoting human understanding of the natural world regardless the opposing voice stated before.