IELT201 2023-07-22

### Title: The table below shows the percentage of first year students who gave "very good" rating to the resources provided by a college, for three courses.

---

<br/>

The graph displays the pattern of "very good" rating given by some students in three courses, which shows how the like the resources provided by the college.

<br/>

From the statistics provided by the table, it can be clearly observed that most students studying commerce are generally satisfied with all sources provided by the college.

<br/>

Relatively speaking, economics and commerce have a higher average satisfaction with the course resources provided by the school. In terms of economics, the percentage of "very good" rating to teaching resources is the highest at 95%, 5% higher than that provided by tutor and about 1.5 times as high as that on other resources. However, the percentage of "very good" rating provided to pre-course resources ranks the bottom at 59%. Turning to commerce, it appears that students are most satisfied with resources of pre-course training and teaching, accounting for 95%, which is followed by the percentage of "very good" rating on tutor at 2% lower. Next comes that on printed resources at 86%, where as only 81% of students gave a "very good" rating to other resources.

<br/>

In contrast, students have lower average satisfaction with the resources provided by law courses. according to the table, students tend to be most satisfied with other resources provided by college, reaching 80%, and the "very good" rate of tutor ranks the second at 76%, whereas teaching resources are the least popular at only 62%.

