IELT201 2023-07-24

### Title: Some people think that robots are very important for humans' future development. Others, however, think that robots are dangerous inventions that could have negative effects on society. Discuss both views and give your opinion.

---

<br/>

It is hard to deny that robots are gradually replacing human labor, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that robots are dangerous inventions and can have negative impacts on society. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that robots will play an important role in promoting human development.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that the widespread application of robots may lead to the disappearance of some traditional job positions, resulting in unemployment and social instability. Ironically, robotics and automation technology can improve production efficiency and quality, while also creating new job opportunities, such as robot maintenance, programming, and design, thereby reducing the unemployment rate. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that replacing manual production with machines can greatly reduce the price of industrial products. To illustrate, what will result in reduction of production costs for industrial products is that replacing manpower with machines saves high labor costs, thereby greatly increasing the production capacity of manufacturers ,which further reduces costs and leads to a significant decrease in product prices.
>论述不彻底，落实到降低生活成本或提高生活水平上

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that robots can improve the safety of certain tasks is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of automobile production, which requires long hours of high-load work. In hazardous or single work environments, robots can replace humans in work, thereby reducing human labor and reducing the risk of work-related injuries. had it not been for the application of robots, the safety of work would not been improved.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the advantages of machines replacing manual production outweigh the disadvantages as the low price of industrial products it may bring and high quality of products it can achieve regardless the opposing voice stated before.