IELT201 2023-07-02

### Title: Many students are now leaving schools with a negative attitudes towards learning. What do you think are the reasons? How can we improve this?

---

<br/>

A growing number of students nowadays are holding a negative attitude towards their studies and some even leaving their schools. Such phenomenon will undoubtedly have a negative impact on students' future life development, and even affect talent cultivation in society. After a thorough examination of this topic, The factors contributing to this issue lie in a wide variety of aspects, and there are different practical and efficient solutions available to properly alleviate the problem.

<br/>

In terms of the reasons behind the phenomenon, I believe academic pressure and the boredom of the learning process are the two main directions we should be looking at so as to better probe into it. S==peaking of the former, there is a general tendency towards exam oriented education in schools and the education system.==（没有讨论到原因上）Therefore, in order to help students achieve good results in exams, schools may increase the amount of homework to improve their learning outcomes and grades. In addition to that, as mentioned before, traditional teaching methods, such as pure lectures and rote memorization, lack sufficient interaction and participation, which can easily make students feel bored. ==Teaching methods that lack interest and interactivity may not stimulate students' interest and initiative.==（无聊导致的结果）


<br/>

Aiming to appropriately tackle the problems, we shouldn't exclude thinking fundamentally from the root causes and taking corresponding measures based on these causes. ==The most direct way to do this is to minimize the proportion of large assignments and exams in students' total grades when assigning homework, and improve the quality of daily performance and homework as a standard for evaluating students' abilities.==（不够具体） Meanwhile, Schools can introduce interactive teaching methods, such as group discussions, role-playing, games, and competitions. This can encourage students to actively participate in classroom activities, thereby enhancing the fun of the learning process.

<br/>

Indeed, this phenomenon has brought us to a position where we can no longer overlook or ignore it. However, as long as we could meticulously analyze the reason and apply solutions accordingly, there is still room and possibility for this issue to be improved.