IELT201 2023-06-30

### Title: Information technology enables many people to do their work outside their workplaces. What are the advantages and disadvantages of this trend?

---

<br/>

With the development of network and electronic information technology, video conferencing software, real-time chat software, and related hardware technologies have made significant progress. More and more people are starting to work outside their workplaces. The benefits along with the drawbacks of this phenomenon will be discussed in this essay.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that we cannot afford to overlook the problems associated to the development which are worth meticulous analysis due to the fact that remote work can bring some technical dependencies and security risks. This is because remote work relies on the Internet and technological equipment. Once network failures or security vulnerabilities occur, it may affect the progress of work and the security of information. Additionally, Remote work may to some extent reduce the unity within the company due to the fact that face-to-face communication helps build trust, understanding, and team cohesion. However, remote work may lack opportunities for such face-to-face communication, thereby affecting the unity within the company to a certain extent.

<br/>

Nevertheless, regardless of what's mentioned before, there certainly are some experiences we can learn from this phenomenon since remote work can greatly enhance work flexibility and freedom. To illustrate, what will result in more time and space for employees to arrange their work independently is that remote work saves employees' time for commuting, thus better balance between work and life, which promoted the efficiency of working.

<br/>

What's more, the fact that remote work is capable to promote global talent recruitment for companies and attract more talents is also of great value to help indicate that this trend may potentially have some positive impacts. Take the case of Bytedance, the well-known tech giant in China who recruited a great number of employees overseas. This method of remote work breaks geographical restrictions and allows for recruitment of talents from around the world, increasing the selectivity and flexibility of recruitment. Had it not been for the company's policy of remote-cooperation, the size of the company would not have grown so rapidly.

<br/>

In conclusion, such a trend will inevitably exert influences on multiple aspects to a large extent. What we need to do is to fully understand its pros and cons, and to leverage its strengths while putting efforts to limit its negative effects.