IELT201 2023-07-27

### Title: Some people think giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive ones. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

It is hard to deny that large amounts of aid to poor countries can lead to financial difficulties for their own countries, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that assistance to other countries can bring many drawbacks. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that the advantages of aiding poorer countries overweigh the disadvantages.

<br/>

==Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that aid to other countries brings financial pressure to the country, causing a reduction in the living standards of the local people. However==, national governments usually have strict management plans for their own fiscal budgets and have dedicated budgets for assisting other countries, which will not affect people's domestic welfare benefits. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that economic assistance to poor countries might help saving lives. ==To illustrate, what will result in the reduction in deseases and hunger of these countries is that the medical and food supplies provided by foreign aids, which reduces death rates in these poor countries and helped saving lives.==

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that aid to other countries is capable of boosting domestic economy is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of US, who aided Philippine in infrastructure and agriculture. This assistance has helped the Philippines create a complete industrial system, leading to a significant export of its minerals and rubber to other countries. Due to the participation of the United States as a shareholder in these investments, the US economy has also benefited greatly from them. Had it not been for the financial aid to Philippines, the economy of the US would not have promoted.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that providing financial aid to poorer countries can bring various advantages as the assistance might help saving lives and the financial benefits it could bring to domestic economy regardless the opposing voice stated before.