IELT201 2023-07-06

### Title: Many people think there is a general increase of anti-social behavior and a lack of respect to others. What do you think are the causes of this? And what solutions do you suggest?

---

<br/>

A majority of people believe that people's antisocial personality and lack of respect for others are increasing nowadays. This phenomenon may lead to the gradual deepening of conflicts between people, which may have an impact on the stability of society. After a through examination of this topic, the factors contributing to this issue lie in a wide variety of aspects, and there are different practical and efficient solutions available to properly alleviate the problem.

<br/>

In terms of the reasons behind the phenomenon, I believe the impact of ==social inequality== and the influence of social media on the virtual world  are the two main directions we should be looking at so as to better probe into it. Speaking of the former, ==The increase of social inequality, social contradictions and pressure may lead to the rise of people's mental pressure, which in turn leads to people's dissatisfaction and distrust of others, thus showing anti-social behavior and lack of respect for others.== In addition to that, as mentioned before, the widespread use of social media and the development of virtual world provide more opportunities for people to be anonymity and far away from reality, which may lead some people to show a lack of respect and bad behavior towards others in cyberspace.

>社会不平等等因素需要交代原因
>网上匿名导致的因素要进一步解释
>社会压力大和社会不平等可以分开写

<br/>

Aiming to appropriately tackle the problems, we shouldn't exclude thinking fundamentally from the root causes and taking corresponding measures based on these causes. The most direct way to do this is to establish a positive social atmosphere. Society and communities should work together to establish a positive, inclusive, and respectful social atmosphere, advocating values of friendliness and cooperation. Meanwhile,==encouraging social interaction and face-to-face communication is another ideal way to achieve the goal. Encouraging people to engage in practical social interactions and face-to-face communication can promote mutual understanding, trust, and respect, thereby reducing or eliminating misunderstandings and reducing people's anxiety.==
>鼓励进行面对面交流不够具体

<br/>

Indeed, this phenomenon has brought us to a position where we can no longer overlook or ignore it. However, as long as we could meticulously analyze the reason and apply solutions accordingly, there is still room and possibility for this issue to be improved.