IELT201 2023-07-19

### Title: The restoration of buildings in major cities in the world costs enormous government expenditure. This money should be used in new housing and road development. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

It is hard to deny that the low price of old housing can bring many benefits, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that authorities should continue to invest in maintaining old buildings in major cities. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that the government should devote their expenditure in developing new houses and roads.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that old housings are more economic and can provide an alternative for those who cannot afford to purchase a new housing, thereby providing them a better living condition. ==Ironically, since the government and properties companies need to spend a great amount of money in maintaining the facilities in these old housing due to high rate of malfunctioning, the price of these old communities will not drop much significantly.== Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.
>论述不够彻底，应该说明便宜房子对这些人的好处

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that building new housing can provide residents a higher quality of living. To illustrate, what will result in a more modern room type and decoration style is that new methods of construction and design will be used in developing new houses, thus the residents are able to enjoy more advanced furniture, better living environment and more convenient transportation, thus achieving a higher standard of living.

<br/>

What's more, the truth that the low failure rate of facilities in new buildings reduces maintenance costs is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of Chengdu, a well developed Chinese city where a great number of new houses and skyscrapers were built recently, has integrated many new technologies such as solar power panels and automated failure detection devices, thereby saving a large amount of government expenditure in maintaining the facilities that where originally built in these areas. Had it not been for developing new housing in the city, these government expenditure would not been saved.
>论述不够彻底，应该谈到政府维护成本的降低产生的实际上的影响
>可以一段写新房子带来的影响，一段写新路带来的影响

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the government should devote in developing new housing and roads rather than spending money in maintaining old buildings and facilities as people could have the chance to live a higher standard of life and lower cost for communities and government to maintain these facilities regardless the opposing voice stated before.