IELT201 2023-06-30

### Title: Some think that it is more beneficial to take part in sports that are played in teams, like football. Others believe it is better to do individual sports, like swimming. Discuss both views and give your opinion.

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold a varied attitudes towards whether it is more beneficial to participate in team sports or individual sports, while in some ways it may seem reasonable that taking part in team sports an lead to various benefits, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that the the advantages of participating in Individual sport far exceed group sports.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that the existence of teammates can bring more safety to the sport, as they can act as caretakers throughout the process of exercise. Ironically, team sports are more dangerous since the confrontation and competition in the game, thereby increasing the possibility of injury. Therefore, this statement could be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that Individual sports have more flexibility and freedom. To illustrate, what will result in the ability to independently determine exercise style, intensity, and goals is that exercise plans can be freely arranged according to one's own time, thus better adapt to one's physical condition and target needs, which is capable to achieve better training results.

<br/>

What's more, the truth that independent exercise can better exercise independent thinking and decision-making abilities is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of billiard, which requires players need to think independently, judge the form on the field, and decide on the next strategy. Had it not been for the independence of the sport, such ability could not be exercised.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that Individual sports is more advantageous than team sports as the flexibility and freedom it is capable to provide and the ability to promote one's independency of thinking and decision-making skills regardless the opposing voice stated before.