IELT201 2023-06-28

### Title: Some people think zoos are cruel and zoos should be closed. However, some people think zoos can help protect the rare animals. Discuss both views and give your opinion.

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes ==towards whether zoos are cruel to animals and need to be closed. ==While in some ways it may seem reasonable that zoos may cause harm to animals, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that zoos play an irreplaceable and important role in protecting endangered species.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that zoos are atrocious for animals since the large number of animal performances and animal trading have seriously affected the health and living standards of animals, and even caused harm to wild animals. Ironically, as a conservation institution, ==zoos can ensure the continued survival of endangered species in the wild==, thus avoiding the extinction of these animals. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that zoos play an important role in expanding the horizons of ordinary people and imparting knowledge. To illustrate, what will result in ordinary people's ignorance of wildlife is that an increasing number of urban populations nowadays find it difficult to see wild animals, and zoos provide opportunities for people who are not familiar with wildlife, which Imparting knowledge about wildlife to these visitors and expanding their horizons.
提高保护动物的意识

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that zoos as a research institution can play an important role in the field of biology is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of the Giant Panda Reservation Institute in China, where the living habits, biological characteristics, and distribution of giant pandas are studied, plays an extremely important role in the field of giant panda research. These studies help humans understand the evolution of species and the habits of wild animals, thereby enhancing human understanding of our planet. Had it not been for the existence of such institution, these research could not been carried out.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that zoos should not be closed and they play a vital role in protecting endangered animals as the knowledge they can offer to the public and the research capability they can provide regardless the opposing voice stated before.
