IELT201 2023-07-19

### Title: In some countries, secondary schools aim to provide a general education across a range of subjects. In others, children focus on a narrow range of subjects related to a particular career. Which do you think is appropriate in today's world?

---


> 1. 论述要彻底，判断是现象还是具体影响
> 2. 让步反驳要头尾一致


<br/>

It is hard to deny that participating in narrow subjects related to a specific profession can enhance students' professional abilities in a specific field, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that students should focus more on learning specific subjects within a certain professional field. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that students should learn a wide range of subjects in different fields.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that studying professional subjects in a specific field can enable students to specialize in a particular field, deepen their learning, and enhance their employment competitiveness. Ironically, specific vocational education limits students' development opportunities in other fields, and for those professions that require extensive knowledge, job competitiveness cannot be reflected. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed. 

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that studying a wide range of subjects can provide students with diverse career choices. To illustrate, what will result in more opportunities for choice and better exploration and development of their interests and potential is that students can have access to various disciplines and fields in general education, thus provides students with a reference for choosing future career directions, which diversified choices for their career planning.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that participating in a wide range of disciplines can cultivate lifelong learning ability is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of many modern universities, who provides a great number of selective courses in many fields, which enable them to explore their interests and guide them to independently learn knowledge in these fields, thereby enhancing their learning ability, critical thinking, and problem-solving abilities, ==providing a solid foundation for their future learning and career development.== Had it not been for universities to provide and conduct these courses, the learning abilities of students would not have been improved.
>论述不够彻底，应该提到终身学习能力带来的好处

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that students should learn a wide range of knowledge in various fields as this can provide guidance for students' employment direction and It can also exercise students' independent learning ability and critical thinking regardless the opposing voice stated before.