IELT201 2023-06-19

### Title：The difference of age gap is greater between parents and their children. Do you think the advantages of this outweigh disadvantages?(aging)

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards ==whether a greater age difference between parents and children is better or worse==. While in some ways it may seem reasonable for a child to be born into a younger family, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that for children, having relatively elderly parents is more advantageous.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that having children when parents are young can lead to numerous benefits since young parents are more energetic, allowing them to have more energy to take care of their children and enable them to grow better. Ironically, with the increasing work pressure in modern society, young parents often need to spend more energy on their work, resulting less time to effectively take care of their children.T==herefore, this statement may be critically flawed.==

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that older parents are providing children with a high-quality growth environment. To illustrate, what will result in their rich experience in life and work is that older parents spend more time in society, thus their time and wealth are more abundant compared to younger parents, which is capable to provide better living and education quality.

<br/>

What's more, the truth that older parents also have an advantage in having children for society is of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of Japan, whose parents usually give birth to their children when their life and work is settled and stable, leading lower governmental allowance in maternity. Therefore, more funds can be used to invest in other welfare projects in society, thereby improving the overall level of welfare. Had it not been for ==having children later in their life==, the overall welfare level would not be improved.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that the situation of aging parents in modern society has more benefits compare to its drawbacks, as better living conditions of children and higher welfare standard that may brought by such phenomenon regardless the opposing voice stand before.
