IELT201 2023-07-11

### Title: Some experts think that all students should learn musical instruments. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

---

<br/>

People nowadays hold varied attitudes towards whether every student should learn musical instruments in campus, while in some ways it may seem reasonable that learning a kind of musical instrument can lead to a series of benefits, which, from my perspective, suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and I tend to believe that the drawbacks of learning musical instruments as a compulsory course far overweigh it advantages.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that learning musical instruments can stimulate students' interest in music and improve their musical abilities. Ironically, learning musical instruments should be a proactive process. If students have no interest in music or learning instruments, forcing them to learn may lead to a decrease in learning motivation and interest, which is not conducive to cultivating students' interest in music. Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed. 

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that learning musical instruments can increase academic burden. To illustrate, what will result in taking up time for other learning projects and courses is that learning to play musical instruments requires long-term communication and persistence, as well as energy and resources, thus students will not have time for normal learning and daily activities, which may lead to excessive pressure and imbalance.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that popularizing the learning of musical instruments will pose challenges to the financial and resource capabilities of schools is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of some schools in remote areas，who are unable to provide sufficient resources, equipment, and teaching venues to support this requirement, causing pressure on schools in multiple aspects, leading to insufficient resources being invested in normal teaching, which may affect the quality of teaching. Had it not been for learning instruments for all students, such pressure would not have caused.

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that allowing all students to learn musical instruments is unfavorable as the increase in students' academic burden and the pressure to schools that are unable to provide necessary conditions regardless the opposing voice stated before.


>以正面来重新写