IELT201 2023-07-26

### Title: Some people think that the government should ban dangerous sports, but others think that people should have freedom to do whatever sport activities they choose. Discuss both views and give your opinion.

---

<br/>

It's hard to deny that dangerous sports can pose a threat to personal safety, which may lead to impressionable people to generate the idea that the government should ban dangerous extreme sports. However, this idea suffers from both logical and factual fallacies and should be examined more meticulously while I'm more inclined to believe that people should have the right to participate in any sport they like.

<br/>

Admittedly, a voice may arise, claiming that extreme sport often involve activities with high risks and dangers, which may lead to serious accidents and injuries and pose a threat to the safety of participants and others. Ironically, with the current safety standards and scientific training methods of Extreme sport, the number of injuries or deaths caused by Extreme sport has been greatly reduced.  Therefore, this statement may be critically flawed.

<br/>

Nevertheless, I would like to stick to my point made earlier in this article due to the fact that challenging sports can lead to mental development. To illustrate, what will result in opportunities for self challenge is that extreme sport require great courage and good physical quality to participate, thus by overcoming difficulties and surpassing oneself, one can gain a sense of achievement and self-confidence.

<br/>

What' s more, the truth that extreme sport can bring tourism and economic benefits is also of great value to help indicate my view regarding this topic. Take the case of Switzerland, a country famous for extreme sports such as parachuting and skiing. Extreme sports are an important part of the country's tourism and economic development, which has brought economic benefits and employment opportunities. Had it not been for the development of these sports, ==the tourism in Switzerland would not gained it's popularity.==
> 改成旅游上的收入增长
> 观点和例子偏题了

<br/>

In a nutshell, I would like to reaffirm my stand that people should have the right to participate in any sports as they have the advantages in mental development as well as tourism and economical benefits regardless the opposing voice stated before.